Add roadmap (#209)
biaslab/RxInfer.jl: README.md

    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXrvDVm_fnE"><img width="460" src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/qXrvDVm_fnE/0.jpg"></a>
</p>

Certainly! Here's an updated version of the roadmap section with added emojis:

# Roadmap

Our high-level project roadmap outlines the key milestones and focus areas over the next few quarters:

| Q1/Q2 2024          | Q3/Q4 2024                | 2025                | 2026                                      |
|---------------------|---------------------------|--------------------|-------------------------------------------|

> | 🧩 **Nested models with [GraphPPL.jl](https://github.com/biaslab/GraphPPL.jl)**     | 🛡️ **Robustness (NaN, Inf free)** | 🌐 **Stochastic Processes** | 🔄 **Automated inference with non-exponential family** 

Author: Are we planning to work on adding Dirichlet processes along with Gaussian Processes @ismailsenoz? I believe GPs will be available in Q4 of 2024 (@HoangMHNguyen ?)

> | 🔄 **Automated inference with [ExponentialFamily.jl](https://github.com/biaslab/ExponentialFamily.jl)**                 | 🧠 **Memory-efficiency** | 🚀 **Efficient message passing on a huge graph** | 📊 **Inference over graph structure**

Reviewer: Regarding _Efficient message passing on a huge graph_, isn't this already one of the key selling points of RxInfer? Do you rather mean something like "Resource-adaptive inference"?

Author: Big graphs, not huge ones :) 
Anyway, it was supposed to be a triggering mechanism, but it's pretty slang. Resource-adaptive inference may sound better.

> For a more granular view of our progress and ongoing tasks, refer to our [project board](https://github.com/orgs/biaslab/projects/10/views/5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more granular view of our progress and ongoing tasks, check out our [project board](https://github.com/orgs/biaslab/projects/10/views/5).
```
